# What Happened Yesterday?
### Created a banking system solution in VS
    - explained strategies on how to become a good developer/build code (WTCYWYH:Write The Code You Wish You Had)
    - discussed EGR (Red[Write to fail tests] -> Green[Write to pass tests] -> Refactor[Optimize what's written])

### Expanded the Todos.Api solution
    Used Docker & SQL to 
        - Created a data base of todo items
        - Stored todo items on the database
            > started with one, ended creating a "list" of different todo items

    Interface keywords used
        - GET (retrieve a representation of that resource.)
        - POST (append the sent representation to the collection)
        - PUT (replace a resource with a new representation)
        - DELETE (remove a resource.)

### Misc. Notes
    How to become a good progremmer without knowing much:
        - always have something written (never present code with no change)
        - dont let imposter syndrome be an excuse to achive greateness (you landed the job! now grow)
        - WTCYWYH:Write The Code You Wish You Had
        - Ask, Ask, Ask a lot
        - Know your weakneses, get rid of your ego 


## First Day Questions w/Answers
What is .NET? What is .NET Core?

    .NET is a framework for software development on the Windows platform.
    .NET Core is xplat .NET - it is a subset of .NET Framework (doesn't have everything), but most of what you'd need.
    .NET Core is open source. On Github.
    Supports multiple programming languages, the most common BY FAR is C#, but also VB.NET, C++, F#
    C# - It is a "Classical Object-Oriented Programming Language"

What is a "Web API" (or a RESTful API, or an HTTP API, all the same) any why do we create them?

    We are going to build a service that a lot of developers already know the basics of interacting with.
    Common - and just about any piece of software can use this service, because EVERYTHING nearly can do HTTP.
    Why do we do this at all?
    Distributed applications
    Distributing knowledge
    You may be on a team that builds the service that knows how to do something CRUCIAL to the business.
    You work with the business people, are responsive to their needs.
    Anyone else in the company that wants to do thing "X" (your thing) HAS to go through your service to do it.
    But they don't have to (and shouldn't) know how it works, because that will change at a different rate than the code they are working on.
    Late-Bound means "only verified at run time"
    Early-Bound means "verified at compile time"

Why do we, as developers, write automated tests for our code?

    "Developer" - tests we write as we write the application.
    They are either "white box" or "gray box" tests which mean
    They know how the code is written.
    Show our understading of the business requirement.
    We stink at doing complex steps reliably and repeatedly.
    Some tests have to test a lot of stuff in sort of a speculative way.
    To design our application from the perspective of the user of that code.

What is a "Project Reference" in Visual Studio?

    A project reference is to another project in the same solution so that the project referencing the other project can use the types in the referenced project.

What is NuGet?

    It is the package manager for .NET stuff - it is early bound, you can update and redeploy as you see fit, however, to publisher of that package cannot force you to update.

## Struggling Concepts
    - Why choose FACT over Theory and vice versa?
    - expand on Docker
    - expand on Test Explorer

